Set-2

#adventure(a thrilling experience)

#Blitzkreig(a very fast process)
Hitler invaded France with a blitzkreig speed

#Crunk (adj): Very excited or full of energy.

#Decahedron(noun):A figure of ten slides.

#domicile (the place where a corporation is actually or officially established)
I got married, when I was 66, to David Bale.... I thought the women's movement has struggled for
 25 years to allow marriage to be an equal partnership, so I no longer had to give up my name, my 
domicile, my credit rating, so why not?

#Fleece (to take someone's money dishonestly, by charging too much money or by cheating them)
Adhaar is free, but enrolment centres fleece applicants.

#frieze (a band, line, or series suggesting a frieze)
The house commands a hilltop and is forbidding, imposing, but softened with a frieze of beautiful American elms.

#Fruition (The state of being real or complete)
Whwn she lande the lead in a Broadway paly, alife long dream was brought to fruition.

#glaucousplay
(having a powdery or waxy coating that gives a frosted appearance and tends to rub off)
Her eyes, a clear, glaucous gray, express unambiguous yearning

#grace (bring honour or credit to, courteous good will)
He is one of the best players ever to have graced the game

Jeggings (n): Tight-fitting stretch trousers for women, styled to resemble a pair of denim jeans.

#Lynch (To kill someone illegally as punishment for a crime)
To put to death (as by haanging) by mob action without legal sanction.

#Ideas
I have many ideas for app team. Hope I'll be able to shape them in the coming future.

#imbue (to permeate or influence as if by dyeing)
The children were imbued with a passion for nature by their parents, both biologists.

#Manipulate (to influence someone)
Frank manipulated the case with his power.

#pathetic (Causing feeling of sadness and sympathy)
The blind, old dog was a pathetic sight.

#petrichor (noun): a pleasant smell that frequently accompanies the first rain after a long period of warm, dry weather

#pirate (verb): to copy illegally and share via p2p software
I pirated the new episode of Mr.Robot, it was a good episode.

#Ringtone(noun):It is the sound made by a cell phone to signal an upcoming call

#snooped (to look for private information about someone or something)
NO I didn't read your email im  no snoop.

#Velveteen(noun):It is a cloth made of cotten and linen.

# fractious (easily irritated): Being fractious, won't help one to survive in the hostel as dealing with different people is a must.
